samples: cellular: Remove nrf7002ek positioning overlay (#13445)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Asset Tracker v2
----------------

>   * Removed nrf7002ek DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling uart1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.
```

>   * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because UART1 is disabled through the shield configuration.
```

Cellular samples
----------------

* :ref:`location_sample` sample:

>   * Removed nrf7002ek DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling uart1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.
```

>   * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because UART1 is disabled through the shield configuration.
```

* :ref:`modem_shell_application` sample:

  * Added:

    * Printing of the last reset reason when the sample starts.
    * Support for printing the sample version information using the ``version`` command.

>   * Removed nrf7002ek DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling uart1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.
```

>   * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because UART1 is disabled through the shield configuration.
```

    * The sample now explicitly uses the :c:func:`conn_mgr_all_if_connect` function to start network connectivity, instead of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_NET_IF_AUTO_START` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_NET_IF_AUTO_CONNECT` Kconfig options.
    * The sample to use the FOTA support functions in the :file:`nrf_cloud_fota_poll.c` and :file:`nrf_cloud_fota_common.c` files.

>   * Removed nrf7002ek DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling uart1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.
```

>   * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because disabling UART1 is done through the shield configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Removed nRF7002 EK DTC overlay file ``nrf91xxdk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` because UART1 is disabled through the shield configuration.
```
